DataGrid - Getting Started: Add ASP.NET Core Overhaul (#8900)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/00 Getting Started with DataGrid/05 Bind the DataGrid to Data.md

DataGrid can load and update data from different data source types. To use a local array, assign the array to [dataSource](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/dataSource.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#dataSource') and specify the key field in [keyExpr](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/keyExpr.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#keyExpr').

> The following code snippet initializes a DataGrid with a column for each data field. All column widths are equal, and columns are ordered following the data source structure.

Reviewer: I would separate "initialization" and "column creation" a bit. (And I would prefer "columns" - plural, so it's clear right away that we're not talking about just one.)

```suggestion
The following code snippet initializes a DataGrid and creates columns for all data fields. All columns are equal width, and the column order follows the data source structure.
```
